#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   langfuse
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pikepdf
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
effdet==0.4.1
    # via unstructured
emoji==2.12.1
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.112.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.4.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-discoveryengine
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   langchain-google-community
google-api-python-client==2.141.0
    # via langchain-google-community
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-discoveryengine
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.25.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-discoveryengine==0.11.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-community
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.5
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-vision==3.7.4
    # via unstructured
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
gradio==4.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.3.0
    # via gradio
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.65.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   langchain-google-community
grpcio-status==1.65.5
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langfuse
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.24.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.3
    # via gradio
iopath==0.1.10
    # via layoutparser
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-community
langchain-core==0.2.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-community[vertexaisearch]==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-vertexai==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langfuse==2.43.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.99
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
layoutparser==0.3.4
    # via unstructured-inference
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.7
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   torch
    #   unstructured
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via effdet
onnx==1.16.2
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.19.0
    # via unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.7
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured
pdfplumber==0.11.4
    # via layoutparser
pikepdf==9.1.1
    # via unstructured
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
    #   pillow-heif
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pillow-heif==0.18.0
    # via unstructured
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via iopath
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-discoveryengine
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.27.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-discoveryengine
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via unstructured
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pypandoc==1.13
    # via unstructured
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via pdfplumber
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via unstructured
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.1
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via unstructured
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   layoutparser
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.9.6
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.6.1
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.4
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scipy==1.14.0
    # via layoutparser
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shapely==2.0.6
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.38.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.2
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-community
timm==1.0.8
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
torch==2.4.0
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.19.0
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.44.0
    # via unstructured-inference
typer==0.12.4
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   emoji
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
unstructured[all-docs]==0.15.5
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.25.5
    # via unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.36
    # via unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via unstructured
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via gradio
websockets==12.0
    # via gradio-client
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   langfuse
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via python-pptx
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
